rvxc(i) : exchange correlation potential at radius i
rexc(i) : exchange correlation energy density at radius i

rsatom(i) : density at radius i

rnl(i,j) : wavefunction at radius i of orbital j

npdm : size of radial grid ?
n0 : number of orbitals ?

no(m) : n-quantum number of orbital m ?
lo(m) : l-quantum number of orbital m ?
en(m) : energy of orbital m ?

ipsp : controls whether to do all-electron calculation
  ipsp = 0 : do ae calculation 

yk : an energy integral defined in Fisher's book (page 23).

coef(:) : coefficients of slater integrals, used in calculating the energies e(i,j)
ijptr(i,j) : gives the index of coeff corresponding to orbital i and j

acc : mixing parameter for convergence procedure

wnl(i) : This appears to be the occupation number for orbital i, set in the input file
en(i) : This appears to be the energy eigenvalue guess for orbital i, set in the input file

r(i) : a logarithmic grid. The points are {1, exp(h), exp(2h), exp(3h), ...}
h : controls the spacing of the logarithmic grid

subroutine schsl(iorb,nqn,lang,ei,imax,rv,p,igh,ibound)
  iorb : orbital index
  nqn  : n-quantum number of orbital iorb ?
  lang : l-quantum number of orbital iorb ?
  ei : energy of orbital iorb ?
  imax : ?
  rv : some potential ?
  p : output wavefunction 
  igh : ?
  ibound : ?

subroutine hfmethd(m,ipsp,p,zeff,azz,fail,iprint)
  m : orbital index
  ipsp : controls whether to do all-electron calculation
  p : output wavefunction
  zeff = z - s, where s = screening parameter
  azz : ?
  fail : .true. if the calculation fails
  iprint : ?


subroutine hfde(m,ipsp,zeff,dpm,iprint)
  updates orbital m by calling hfmethd, 
  and then doing a bunch of orthogonalization and normalization.
  Here, dpm is a parameter that controls when to do orthogonalization 
  (basically, when dp>dpm)
  
function quads2
  computes Slater F and G integrals

subroutine corvwn(rs,ec,uc,rho)
  VWN form of exchange correlation 
  pi32=3 pi**2
  alpha = (9pi/4)**thrd

subroutine corpz(rs,ec,uc)
  Perdew-Zunger correlation ?

